// AIES By Carmics

@PART[Antennacomtec1]:FOR[AntennaRange]
{
MODULE[ModuleDataTransmitter]
{
name = ModuleLimitedDataTransmitter
nominalRange = 4500000
maxPowerFactor = 8
maxDataFactor = 4
}
}

@PART[Antennacomtec2]:FOR[AntennaRange]
{
MODULE[ModuleDataTransmitter]
{
name = ModuleLimitedDataTransmitter
nominalRange = 8000000
maxPowerFactor = 8
maxDataFactor = 4
}
}

@PART[Antennaesc]:FOR[AntennaRange]
{
MODULE[ModuleDataTransmitter]
{
name = ModuleLimitedDataTransmitter
nominalRange = 3000000
maxPowerFactor = 8
maxDataFactor = 4
}
}

@PART[Antennaexpatvr2]:FOR[AntennaRange]
{
MODULE[ModuleDataTransmitter]
{
name = ModuleLimitedDataTransmitter
nominalRange = 4500000
maxPowerFactor = 8
maxDataFactor = 4
DeployFxModules = 0
}
}

@PART[AntennaDF2]:FOR[AntennaRange]
{
MODULE[ModuleDataTransmitter]
{
name = ModuleLimitedDataTransmitter
nominalRange = 250000
maxPowerFactor = 8
maxDataFactor = 4
}
}

@PART[Dishcl1]:FOR[AntennaRange]
{
MODULE[ModuleDataTransmitter]
{
name = ModuleLimitedDataTransmitter
nominalRange = 45000000
maxPowerFactor = 8
maxDataFactor = 4
}
}

@PART[Dishmccomu]:FOR[AntennaRange]
{
MODULE[ModuleDataTransmitter]
{
name = ModuleLimitedDataTransmitter
nominalRange = 30000000000
maxPowerFactor = 8
maxDataFactor = 4
}
}

@PART[dishcomlar1]:FOR[AntennaRange]
{
MODULE[ModuleDataTransmitter]
{
name = ModuleLimitedDataTransmitter
nominalRange = 200000000000
maxPowerFactor = 8
maxDataFactor = 4
}
}

@PART[Dishomega2g]:FOR[AntennaRange]
{
MODULE[ModuleDataTransmitter]
{
name = ModuleLimitedDataTransmitter
nominalRange = 30000000000
maxPowerFactor = 8
maxDataFactor = 4
}
}

@PART[Dishpcf]:FOR[AntennaRange]
{
MODULE[ModuleDataTransmitter]
{
name = ModuleLimitedDataTransmitter
nominalRange = 22500000000
maxPowerFactor = 8
maxDataFactor = 4
}
}
